docs: reference document for the Build Plan Service (#999)
canonical/craft-application: docs/reference/services/buildplan.rst

.. meta::

>     :description: API reference for the BuildPlanService. In a craft application, the BuildPlanService creates build plans for a project on the current machine.

Author: I've actually removed that altogether since it can also be used to generate build plans for remote machines.

.. py:currentmodule:: craft_application.services.buildplan

.. _reference-BuildPlanService:

``BuildPlanService``
====================

The ``BuildPlanService`` uses :external+craft-platforms:doc:`index` to create build plans.

> Apps that need to generate custom build plans that Craft Platforms cannot handle can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apps that need to generate custom build plans that Craft Platforms can't handle must
```
